UNITED STATES OF AMERICA CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES SUBPOENA DUCES TECUM To : President Richard M. Nixon, The White House, Washington, D. C. Pursuant to lawful authority, YOU ARE HEREBY COMMANDED to make available to the SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE ON PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN ACTIVITIES of the Senate of the United States, on Thursday, July 26, 1973, at 10:00 o'clock a.m., at their committee room, 318, Old Senate Office Building, the following: Any and all records, or copies of records including but not limited to, documents, logs, records, memoranda, correspondence,news summaries, datebooks, notebooks, photograph's, recordings or other materials relating directly or indirectly to the attached list of individuals and to their activities, participation, responsibilities or involvement in any alleged criminal acts related to the Presidential election of 1972 which the Committee is authorized to investigate pursuant to Senate Resolution 60 including but not limited to, the break-ins of the Democratic National Committee offices on or about May 27, 1972 and on or about June 17, 1972, the surveillance, electronic or otherwise of said offices, and efforts made to conceal information or to grant executive clemency, pardons or immunity and payments made to the defendants and/or their attorneys relating to the above stated matters. Hereof fail not, as you will answer your default under the pains and penalties in such cases made and provided. TO Rufus L. Edmisten, Terry F. Lenzer to serve and return. Given under my hand, by order of the committee, this 23rd day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and seventy-three Sam J. Ervin Jr. Mitchell, John Moore, Richard A. Shumway, DeVan Strachan, Gordon Timmons, William Young, David Ziegler, Ron Buchanan, Patrick J. Butterfield, Alexander P. Campbell, John Caulfield, Jack Chapin, Dwight Colson, Charles Dean, John Ehrlichman, John Fielding, Fred Haldeman, H. Robert Higby, Larry Howard, Richard Hunt, E. Howard Kehrli, Bruce Krogh, Egil LaRue, Frederick Liddy, G. Gordon Magruder, Jeb Stuart Served on: President received on behalf of the President Time: 6:35 Date: July 23, 1973 The Executive Office Building, White House /s/Rufus L. Edmisten /s/Terry F. Lenzer 7/23/73 Received on behalf of the President By: Leonard Garment, Counsel to the President