Dear Mr. McGahn and Mr. Cipollone: I write to follow up on the Committee's prior correspondence to Donald F. McGahn II and/or his counsel dated May 7, 2019, May 17, 2019, and May 20, 2019 (all ofwhich are attached), regarding the Judiciary Committee's April 22, 2019 subpoena to Mr. McGahn. First, with respect to the production of documents, counsel for Mr. McGahn informed us on May 7, 2019 that he would not produce documents in his possession responsive to the Committee's subpoena. The stated reason for the failure to produce responsive documents was that the White House directed that such materials be withheld "'because they implicate significant Executive Branch confidentiality interests and executive privilege.'" As explained in the Committee's May 7 letter to Mr. McGahn's counsel, the Committee does not consider a direction by the White House to be a proper or legitimate assertion ofany legal privilege. Moreover, the Committee disputes that any valid claim ofprivilege exists as to documents provided by the White House to Mr. McGahn and/or his counsel. Finally, as the May 7 letter made clear, regardless ofthe White House's direction, the Committee's subpoena to Mr. McGahn obligates him to produce a log as to any documents in his possession, custody, or control that are being withheid on the grounds ofprivilege. We have not yet received such a log, which was due on May 7. To facilitate the resolution ofthis dispute regarding the log, the Committee is prepared to accept a modified log that sets forth only the author, recipient(s), and the genera} subject matter ofthe record being withheld, as well as the basis for the assertion of the privilege. That is the minimum amount of information that has been accepted by the federal courts.  We request that Mr. McGahn produce a modified log not later than June 7, 2019, as well as any documents responsive to the subpoena for which no claim ofprivilege is being asserted. Turning to Mr. McGahn's testimony, for all the reasons explained in the Committee's May 7, May 17, and May 20 letters, it was unlawful for Mr. McGahn to fail to appear altogether before the Committee on May 21. He, like any other witness, "must appear before the Committee to provide testimony, and invoke executive privilege where appropriate."  In addition, the Committee intends to inquire about certain events that postdate Mr. McGahn's time at the White House, such as the President's public statements regarding Mr. McGahn and the White House's communications with and requests of Mr. McGahn or his counsel. The Committee views these subjects as not subject to any possible claim of privilege. Nevertheless, the Committee remains willing to discuss any reasonable accommodation(s) that would facilitate Mr. McGahn's appearance before the Committee, including limiting the testimony to the specific events detailed in the Special Counsel's report, identifying with greater specificity the precise areas of intended inquiry, and agreeing to the presence of White House counsel during any testimony, so that Mr. McGahn may consult regarding the assertion of executive privilege. Please let us know whether you are willing to engage in such accommodation discussions by no later than June 7. Sincerely, Jerrold Nadler Chairman House Committee on the Judiciary cc: The Hon. Doug Collins Ranking Member, House Committee on the Judiciary