U.S. Department of Justice Office of Legislative Affairs Office of the Assistant Attorney General Washington, D.C. 20530 April 18, 2019 The Honorable Lindsey Graham Chairman Committee on the Judiciary United States Senate Washington, DC 20510 The Honorable Jerrold Nadler Chairman Committee on the Judiciary U.S. House of Representatives Washington, DC 20515 Dear Chairman Graham and Chairman Nadler: I write to provide additional information regarding the Attorney General’s April 18, 2019 invitation to certain Members of Congress to review a less-redacted version of Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s Report on the investigation into Russian Interference in the 2016 Presidential Election (Report). Pursuant to 28 C.F.R. § 600.8(c), the Special Counsel submitted a “confidential report” to the Attorney General on March 22, 2019. In the Attorney General’s March 24, 2019 letter to you, he stated that he was “mindful of the public interest in this matter” and that his “goal and intent” was to release as much of the Special Counsel’s report as” possible “consistent with applicable law, regulations, and Departmental policies.” Subsequently, in his March 29, 2019 letter, the Attorney General explained that Department of Justice (Department) officials, with assistance from the Special Counsel, were identifying and redacting four categories of material from the Report prior to its public release. These include: (1) material subject to Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 6(e) that by law cannot be made public, (2) material the intelligence community identifies as potentially compromising sensitive sources and methods, (3) material that could affect other ongoing matters, and (4) information that would unduly infringe on the personal privacy and reputational interests of peripheral third parties. As the Attorney General’s letter of April 18, 2019 explains, the Report released to Congress and the public today contains these redactions. The Attorney General has determined that it is appropriate to provide the Chairman and Ranking Members of the House and Senate Committees on the Judiciary, the members of the “Gang of Eight,” and one designated staff person per member access via in camera review to certain material redacted in the publicly released report. To facilitate this review, the Office of Legislative Affairs (Office) will operate a secure reading room for above-identified members of designated staff at the Department from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. each day between April 22 and April 26, 2019. Additionally, for the convenience of Members, this Office will provide an opportunity for in camera review of the less-redacted Report in secure spaces on Capitol Hill during the week of April 29, 2019, which immediately follows the current Congressional recess. As required by Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 6(e), the less-redacted version of the Report will maintain redactions of sensitive grand jury information that by law cannot be made public. However, the less-redacted Report will make available to congressional reviewers all information covered in each of the other three categories of redactions referenced in the Attorney General’s April 18, 2019 letter. Given the sensitive nature of the information, the additional information will be made available through in camera review contingent on an agreement by all individuals reviewing the less-redacted version of the Report that the material provided only to the above-identified members and staff will remain confidential. Material redacted in the public version of the report is law enforcement sensitive and confidential; it should not be shared in any form without prior approval of the Department of Justice. Some of the material is governed by court rules and orders and cannot be shared publicly absent court order. While the Department will permit notetaking, the Department asks that all notes remain at the Department in its secure facility. Department officials will transfer notes to and from Capitol Hill for in camera review sessions that take place there. Following the above-referenced review opportunities, this Office will be pleased to work with you and your staff should you believe that additional access to this information is necessary to further your legislative or oversight activities. We hope this information is helpful. Please do not hesitate to have your designated staff person contact this Office to schedule an appointment for in camera review of the Report. * * * Consistent with our past correspondence on this matter and our effort to keep the public informed, the Department intends to make this letter available to the public after delivering it to you. Very truly yours, Stephen E. Boyd Assistant Attorney General cc: The Honorable Mitch McConnell Senate Majority Leader The Honorable Charles E. Schumer Senate Minority Leader The Honorable Nancy Pelosi Speaker of the House The Honorable Kevin McCarthy House Minority Leader The Honorable Richard Burr Chairman Senate Select Committee on Intelligence The Honorable Mark Warner Ranking Member Senate Select Committee on Intelligence The Honorable Adam Schiff Chairman House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence The Honorable Devin Nunes Ranking Member House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence The Honorable Dianne Feinstein Ranking Member Senate Committee in the Judiciary The Honorable Doug Collins Ranking Member House Committee in the Judiciary	 