Dear Mr. McGahn: The Committee on the Judiciary will hold a hearing on "Oversight of the Report by Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller, III: Former White House Counsel Donald F. McGahn, II," on May 21, 2019 at 10:00 a.m., in Room 2141 of the Rayburn House Office Building. As you know, your presence is required pursuant to the subpoena the Committee served on you compelling your testimony for that date. On May 7, 2019, I wrote to your counsel and made clear that, absent a court order directing otherwise, you must appear or the Committee will proceed to hold you in contempt.  We have received no information indicating that any such order has been sought, much less obtained. In fact, the Committee has not even been provided a Department of Justice, Office of Legal Counsel (OLC) opinion articulating a legitimate legal basis that prevents you from providing testimony about the subject matters disclosed in the Special Counsel's report. This is not surprising given that you have already discussed these subjects at length as part of an investigation for which the President expressly waived privilege, has publicly commented on, and even has disputed not only your account of the relevant events but also your good faith. As I have previously stated, the Committee intends to focus on the very topics covered in the Special Counsel's Report. For that reason, there can be no valid assertion of executive privilege given that President Trump "declined to assert any privilege over Mr. McGahn's testimony,"  or over any portion of the Report itself. Moreover, the subject of your testimony is critical to this Committee's ongoing investigative, oversight, and legislative efforts.  Since the Committee's last letter, the President on May 1 1 , 2019, tweeted: "I was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller, and did not fire Bob Mueller. . . . Actually, Don McGahn had a much better chance of being fired than Mueller. Never a big fan!" The President's personal attorney, Rudolph Guiliani, likewise previously stated in an interview that your accounting of events "can't be taken at face value" and "could be the product of an inaccurate recollection or could be the product of something else."  Your testimony regarding these events-which the President and his counsel now unequivocally dispute-is thus critical to the Committee's ongoing investigation. In addition, the Committee is committed to providing you the opportunity to address the scurrilous allegations by the President and his counsel that you were not truthful or accurate in your interviews with the Special Counsel. For all these reasons, the Committee looks forward to your testimony on May 21 . To be clear, even if the President-supported by an OLC Opinion-invokes executive privilege over your testimony, and you decide to abide by that improper assertion, you are still required under the law and the penalty of contempt to "appear before the Committee to provide testimony, and invoke executive privilege where appropriate."  Sincerely, Jerrold Nadler Chairman House Committee on the Judiciary cc: Doug Collins Ranking Member House Committee on the Judiciary